A boy enters an abandoned farmhouse, looking
for his friend but He only finds some webbing
inside. Following some tracks, he picks
up a large bug’s leg from the ground.
He seems aware that impending danger is on the
horizon as a giant shadow is heading towards him.
What is this creature that’s causing so
much concern? This is Movie Shortens. Follow
us today to a movie title: Eight Legged
Freaks. Be aware, there are spoilers!
The movie starts in the early morning hours of a
quiet mining town. The voice of a local radio DJ,
Harlan is doing his job and waking people up.
Meanwhile cruising down a highway, a dozing truck
driver is carrying a load of chemicals when he
swerves to dodge a rabbit. This sends one of the
toxic barrels of waste into a reservoir. Near
the site, a farmer of the exotic spider kind,
Joshua or “Josh" collects crickets for his
spiders. He is completely unaware of the
barrel spreading poison all over the pond.
A week later, little Mike, who also shares the
hobby of spider collecting, makes a regular
visit to his friend Josh. Entering the farm,
Mike takes a look at the spiders, which have grown
a considerable amount since he last saw them.
Confused, a large spider jumps
onto the glass scaring Mike.
Just then, Josh appears and welcomes Mike back.
As Mike mentions the size of his favorite spider,
Josh shares his discovery of what seem to
be magic crickets which he thinks are spider
steroids. Josh truly believes he is going
to make a fortune off of it. While looking
at the jumping spiders, the two are unaware
that a tarantula has escaped from its cage.
Josh continues showing Mike an enormous female
orb-weaver he calls Consuela as she cocoons her
prey. The alarm rings, signaling that Mike needs
to leave for school. He tells Josh that he will
visit again the following week and he hopes the
spiders will be double the size they are now.
As Mike leaves, Josh quickly realizes
the tarantula is missing. It turns out
the spider is on his back. He is bitten in the
neck and accidentally knocks into some cages
while struggling with his ordeal. He is
killed from the bite, and the remaining
arachnids are released in the process.
A week later, Mike again goes to visit Josh,
but soon is confronted by his mother, Sam ,
an unmarried police officer. She asks Mike
not to wander around while she and a colleague
named Pete are inspecting the contaminated area.
Mike says that he needs to inform Joshua about
the pond, however Sam states that she doesn’t
like him hanging out with Josh as he keeps
dangerous spiders around. The boy is told to
take the bike and to follow his mother home.
On the way to town, they come across a group
of teens on dirt bikes. Sam decides to stop the
group, soon realizing that her daughter, Ashley,
is amongst the group. The girl is
then required to get in the truck.
Sam gives Bret, Ashley’s troubled boyfriend,
a ticket and leaves with her children.
At night, Mike becomes more concerned as Josh
isn’t picking up his phone. A quick transition
shows that the farm is now covered in spider webs
and Josh is no longer with us. At the local mall,
Mayor Wade is holding a meeting to decide whether
they should sell gold mines and turn the quarry
into a commercial complex. Chris, the owner of
the mines and whose father died a few years back.
He shows up disagreeing with the authorities.
He tells Wade that he’ll never sell the mines.
The two get into a fight, and Sam has to
constrain Chris. It is now revealed that
the two of them have a secret crush on
each other going back some years.
The following morning, Mike realizes
his bike has been locked up by Sam.
Ashley has a fight with Sam, and Chris shows up
at the door, attempting to make up with Sam after
years of being gone. Mike takes advantage of this
by sneaking out of the house to find Joshua.
Running to the farm, Mike learns the spiders
are gone and there are spiderwebs everywhere.
He knows that the spiders have grown an enormous
amount based on the prints left in the sand.
Just then, he confronts a gigantic
spider coming from the nearby mine.
He immediately runs away to inform the locals.
On the way, Chris offers Mike a ride. Mike shows
Chris a giant spider leg telling him the mutant
creatures are heading down to the mine shafts.
Chris laughs, thinking that Mike just has a
quirky imagination. He thinks the leg is just
a cactus. At home, Mike tries to explain
the transformation of the spiders to Sam,
but she disbelieves him, thinking he
spends too much time watching TV.
Elsewhere in the mine, a man finds that the water
pipes are stuck. He manages to deal with them by
blowing into the pipes but surprisingly jumping
spiders emerge from his mouth. A moment later,a
giant leg grabs him, pulls him away and kills him.
Numerous missing pets are then reported in town,
this obvious concerns the locals. Pete's cat then
has a fight with one of the spiders in an air vent
and is then eaten. Some ostriches on Wade's farm
are then devoured by trapdoor spiders. DJ Harlan,
comes up with a theory saying the animals are
abducted by a probe, not by coyotes or wolves.
At this time, Bret and Ashley fight in the car.
She then kicks him out. Bret is then attacked
by the eight legged monsters. As Bret panics,
he runs to his friends warning them about the
spiders. His friends however think it’s simply
a prank. They soon become convinced when one of
them is killed by a mutant spider. The group flee
away on their bikes as the monsters pursue them.
However, the boys’ race is soon brought to a halt
by the jumping spiders. Bret manages to jump over
a highway causing his attackers to explode
in the oil crash. He is the only survivor.
A second later, the spiders show up
again in larger numbers than before.
Bret rides as fast as he can,
hiding himself in a nearby mine.
At night in Chris’ aunt’s house, A woman
named Gladys finds that her dog is missing.
Coming down to the basement, Gladys is
attacked by a few of the oversized spiders.
They wrap her in their webbing, creating a cocoon.
Chris then returns home and finds that his aunt is
not around, the only thing found is a large insect
leg. He realizes that Mike was telling the truth.
It wasn’t just a cactus as he had assumed.
He quickly drives off to see Mike to show him
the monstrous leg. Mike now has the chance
to explain everything to Sam and Chris alike.
The spiders are growing as big as humans, due to
the released toxins. After looking at the leg,
Mike believes auntie Gladys isn’t dead but has
merely been taken away by male orb weavers.
They do this to provide for the females.
Suddenly, the three hear Ashley’s voice shouting
aloud. Sam runs to her daughter and sees that
a spider is wrapping her in a cocoon. Chris
manages to fight the monster, buying Sam time to
take a gun. The spider is then shot to death by
Sam. As the phone lines are broken Sam uses a
walkie-talkie to call Pete asking him to bring
all of the guns to the police station. Mike says
the spiders are nocturnal hunters, so a broadcast
warning throughout the town is necessary.
In the meantime, spiders show up in various
places and begin attacking people. Pete makes
it in time rescuing Sam’s family before the
attackers can enter the house. They rush to
DJ Harlan’s asking to use the station.
Sam informs the locals telling them that the
town is in a crisis, and is being overrun
by giant spiders. She requires each and
every person to arm themselves. While Mike,
Ashley and Pete wait in the car, a gigantic
tarantula heads towards the station’s van.
The boy, who is kind of an expert on spiders,
contacts his mother using the walkie-talkie
telling her not to make any noise.
Harlan is shocked by the huge animal outside
then accidentally shouts out, which attracts the
giant tarantula. Pete has to open fire, attempting
to distract the beast. Luckily, the three escape
and get in the car. The town falls into chaos as
the giants begin to invade. They become aggressive
and are starving, and begin hunting humans.
Sam tells everyone to evacuate the mall, but this
protects them by concrete walls and steel doors.
Chris attempts to close the front gate
of the mall prior to the brutal invasion.
Sam is last to make it through the gate.
The town people begin to argue about the monsters.
Mike tells Sam that she needs to quiet the crowd
for their safety. Just then, Mike becomes an
integral part of the crisis. Chris and Harlan take
on a mission to go to the rooftop for cell signal,
hoping to contact the army. Those without weapons
have to find anything to fend for themselves. Mike
collects some perfume in the meantime.
Before Chris and Harlan climb to the roof,
Mike hands Chris the perfume, saying that
it helps to confuse the spiders. Later,
Harlan tries to eliminate the spider, thus buying
Chris time to get a cell signal. Eventually,
Chris calls 911. However, the government doesn’t
believe Chris’s story and hangs up on him.
He becomes extremely angry and disappointed.
At this time, the tarantula has torn the gate
widening the entrance. This sends thousands
of jumping spiders all over the mall.
Everyone then retreats to the basement.
Harlan and Chris are facing their opposition
outside. Just then, Harlan, distracts the monsters
to free Chris. Luckily, Harlan lands on a bush,
reuniting with Pete. The two find their
way and get away from the spiders.
In the mine shaft, Bret meets up with his father,
mayor Wade. Wade is then abducted by one of the
spiders, leaving Bret no chance to save him. The
boy rides off again avoiding the invasion.
While the townspeople are in the basement,
Bret arrives with a forklift blocking the
spiders outside. Chris says that they need to
head through the mines, following the cables
before the monsters catch up with them. On
the way, they discover methane-filled tunnels.
Chris warns the group that the slightest
spark could blow them all to hell.
Next, they are stopped by a cocooned figure.
It turns out to be Wade who is still alive.
Chris decides to let Sam lead the group out
while he finds his aunt. Before leaving,
Chris reveals his feelings to Sam. He tells her
to try and find and operate the generator, located
just outside the mines. He has a plan. Chris then
walks Bret’s bike and heads to find Gladys.
Eventually, he makes it to see Gladys. Their
moment is interrupted by the giant Consuela.
However, Chris couldn’t shoot, due to
the methane gas inside the tunnels.
He quickly uses the perfume distracting the beast.
The two get on the bike and escape the spider.
On the way out, Chris attaches a set off on
the wire, combining with Sam’s activating the
genny outside in order to burn the mines
down. Finally, Sam sparks an explosion,
sending all of the spiders to hell. Chris and
Gladys make it out of the mines just in time.
At this moment the police and the army arrive.
Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like this,
and don’t forget to turn on your notifications.
That really helps my channel. Thanks for
watching!